#  Ideas for Local Districtr Maps

Districtr is a great resource that allows people to draw and take statistics on their own districts selected from precincts. The app has a native JSON format that allows people to save and load their projects. Before redrawing the lines, I want a way to load extant districts and take advantage of the webapps census and results recall facilities. 

What is needed is a list that ties each district with a list of precincts. There are several ways to achieve this.

1. **Secretary of State Results** ties together offices with precincts and results, but not all offices are contested. Thus, not all districts are paired with precincts if no race occurs in a certain election. 
2. By law, districts are written into each **Municipal Code** in parish specific formats.
3. **GIS.** The simplest yet least programmatic solution is to generate a list that ties districts with precincts with a custom table generated by hand in GIS. 

## New Orleans
*Districtr format: " "*

* Municipal Code is here.
* City GIS is here.

### Whole City

The simplest file, all 300+ precincts in New Orleans. Can be found checking Statewide or Presidential Precinct Totals.

### Wards

### City Council Districts

There are 5 City Council Districts outlined by...

### School Districts

There are 7 School Districts outlined by...


## Jefferson Parish
*Districtr format: " "*

* Municipal Code is here.
* City GIS is here.

### Whole Parish



### Towns

Several Cities and Towns are incorporated within Jefferson Parish. Precincts in each are labelled with a prefix. 

### Parish Council Districts

There are 5 City Council Districts outlined by...

# Other GNO Parishes

* St. Bernard Parish
* Plaquemines Parish
* St. Tammany Parish
* Washington Parish
* Tangipahoa Parish
* St. Charles Parish
* St. James Parish
* St. John the Baptist Parish
